Bedside to bench to bedside research: Estrogen receptor beta ligand as a candidate neuroprotective treatment for multiple sclerosis.
Testosterone and estrogen in multiple sclerosis: from pathophysiology to therapeutics
Estrogen receptor alpha regulates key genomic regions of Thelper 17 and T regulatory cells in multiple sclerosis: A new potential biomarker of disease activity
Estrogen receptor-帢 (ER帢) expression in lymphocyte subsets of parous and nulliparous women with multiple sclerosis
Estrogen receptor alpha in peripheral blood lymphocytes of multiple sclerosis patients: A pivotal study of its role in pregnant patients
Environmental estrogens alter signaling in immune cells that promotes the development of childhood asthma
The effect of antiestrogen agents on risk of autoimmune disorders in patients with breast cancer
Estrogen-mediated protection of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis: Lessons from the dissection of estrogen receptor-signaling in vivo
Estrogen signaling modulates allergic inflammation and contributes to sex differences in asthma
Sex hormones affect the pathogenesis and clinical characteristics of systemic lupus erythematosus
Multiple sclerosis at menopause: Potential neuroprotective effects of estrogen
Postmenopausal hormone therapy and the risk of rheumatoid arthritis: results from the Swedish EIRA population-based case-control study
Autoimmune Disease in Women: Endocrine Transition and Risk Across the Lifespan
Hormonal and gender-related immune changes in multiple sclerosis
Single-atom catalysts-based catalytic ROS clearance for efficient psoriasis treatment and relapse prevention via restoring ESR1.
Estrogens, Neuroinflammation, and Neurodegeneration.
Pregnancy and contraception in systemic and cutaneous lupus erythematosus.
Hormones, sex, and asthma.
Effects of oral contraceptives and menopausal hormone therapy on the risk of rheumatoid arthritis: a prospective cohort study
Association Between Menopausal Factors and the Risk of Seronegative and Seropositive Rheumatoid Arthritis: Results From the Nurses' Health Studies
Impact of Menopause in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis: Current Perspectives
Hormone Receptor Signaling and Breast Cancer Resistance to Anti-Tumor Immunity
Identification of Menopausal and Reproductive Risk Factors for Microscopic Colitis-Results From the Nurses' Health Study
Effect of Hormone Replacement Therapy on Lupus Activity
A hormonal therapy for menopausal women with MS: a phase Ib/IIa randomized controlled trial
Association between menopausal hormone therapy and incidence of psoriasis: a secondary analysis from the Women's Health Initiative randomized clinical trials
Connecting the immune system, systemic chronic inflammation and the gut microbiome: The role of sex.
Nuclear hormone receptors in demyelinating diseases.
Menopause and multiple sclerosis: Influence on prognosis and role of disease-modifying drugs and hormonal replacement therapy.
The Reproductive Transition: Effects on Viral Replication, Immune Activation, and Metabolism in Women with HIV infection.
Interferon Genes Are Influenced by 17β-Estradiol in SLE.
The relationship between sex hormones, the vaginal microbiome and immunity in HIV-1 susceptibility in women.
Oral nomegestrol acetate and transdermal 17-beta-estradiol for preventing post-partum relapses in multiple sclerosis: The POPARTMUS study.
Male Sex Bias in Immune Biomarkers for Tuberculosis.
Updated advances of linking psychosocial factors and sex hormones with systemic lupus erythematosus susceptibility and development.
Contraceptive Care in the Rheumatic Diseases: A Review.
Role of sex hormones and the vaginal microbiome in susceptibility and mucosal immunity to HIV-1 in the female genital tract.
Interaction effects of polyfluoroalkyl substances and sex steroid hormones on asthma among children.
Successful control of menstrual cycle-related exacerbation of inflammatory arthritis with GnRH agonist with add-back therapy in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis.
Inhibitive Effect of Resveratrol on the Inflammation in Cultured Astrocytes and Microglia Induced by A帣(1-42).
Systematic multi-omics reveals the overactivation of T cell receptor signaling in immune system following bisphenol A exposure.
Exposure to phthalates and bisphenol A are associated with atopic dermatitis symptoms in children: a time-series analysis.
Estradiol inhibits HIV-1(BaL) infection and induces CFL1 expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and endocervical mucosa.
All women with multiple sclerosis (MS) should start hormone replacement therapy at menopause unless contraindicated. YES
All women with multiple sclerosis should start hormone replacement therapy at menopause unless contraindicated. No
Sex hormones, body mass index, and related comorbidities associated with developing Sj繹gren? disease: a nested case?ontrol study
Hormone therapy and disease activity in Danish women with multiple sclerosis: A population-based cohort study
SEX HORMONES AND RELATED COMORBIDITIES ARE ASSOCIATED WITH DEVELOPING SJ?GREN'S DISEASE: A POPULATION-BASED NESTED CASE-CONTROL STUDY
The Role of Sex Hormones in Multiple Sclerosis
The role of female sex hormones in multiple sclerosis and its animal models
The role of female hormonal factors in the development of rheumatoid arthritis.
Exogenous hormones and hereditary angioedema.
GPER modulators: Opportunity Nox on the heels of a class Akt.
Sex-dependent expression of galectin-1, a cardioprotective β-galactoside-binding lectin, in human calcific aortic stenosis.
Formononetin ameliorates airway inflammation by suppressing ESR1/NLRP3/Caspase-1 signaling in asthma.
Prenatal high molecular weight phthalates and bisphenol A, and childhood respiratory and allergic outcomes.
Exposure to bisphenols and asthma morbidity among low-income urban children with asthma.
Raynaud's Phenomenon: A Current Update on Pathogenesis, Diagnostic Workup, and Treatment.
Sex-Disaggregated Data on Clinical Characteristics and Outcomes of Hospitalized Patients With COVID-19: A Retrospective Study.
Relationship between bisphenol A and autoimmune thyroid disease in women of childbearing age.
